Update reactivity-foundations.Rmd (#445)
hadley/mastering-shiny: reactivity-foundations.Rmd

source("common.R")
```

> Now that you have the theory underpinning the reactive graph and you've got some practical experience, it is a good time to talk in more detail about how reactivity fits into the R programming language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you understand the theory underpinning the reactive graph and you have some practical experience, it is a good time to talk in more detail about how reactivity fits into R the programming language.
```

> Now that you have the theory underpinning the reactive graph and you've got some practical experience, it is a good time to talk in more detail about how reactivity fits into the R programming language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have the theory underpinning the reactive graph and you've got some practical experience, it is a good time to talk in more detail about how reactivity fits into R as a programming language.
```
